[Music]
Thank you so much to whoever it was okay let's
see if I can practice the imagined chat
imagining thank you so much for
becoming a member what a lot
of members today is in
the afternoon
today in the afternoon have subscribed have made
members like 50 people
and well now we're already playing a game
too thank you so much I don't know
how much we'll go for hopefully there's little left to
reach 3,000 again you know what
happens a lot of times it seems to me
thank you so much I don't like it is that
when I'm recording video for the
main channel that I keep recording with
it or bs the capture card I have it here the
thing configured many times I'm
recording video on the main channel and
suddenly people come up becoming members
yes Felipe there was a live stream in the afternoon
that was cut short because I had been on for many
hours it has to be the dog and have
the family attentive and a couple of calls
so
in fact yesterday's video in
yesterday's video that I didn't realize I realized
once it was edited there are a few moments there is a
moment in yesterday's video on the
main channel that you can hear  how someone
becomes a member it doesn't appear on the screen
because I have this other screen where I don't
have the chan and the alerts or anything I
only have the camera okay but yes you can
hear it I don't know why it was
heard this is used for the alerts
but well you can hear it you can hear it and
many times a month and in the afternoon it's
so calm recording a video he
shits himself and I see a scare know
yesterday ari gameplay I return to tweets I
promise you I knew absolutely nothing he
asked me the same surprise that you guys
seem to do in a few
minutes you already have the money
but in this video the part is not pretty pretty I'm
going to look for it in a moment on
twitter on ar's twitter and if this is
worth it is the part when she
takes off her sweatshirt and appears with the
tweets t-shirt nou
to this habit
[Music]
look at her
go house
go home buddy let's see go hunting and I
want to see your house
has a garage very well then the whole
house
go home kid go home get
hurt and now you have a studio here and
on the other side the other
or the z
[Music]
that has  been thank you thank you
and I'm very happy for it
thank you very much
welcome to this new stream on tweet
we are back
I love music but the surprise
came here look
[Music]
the chef and with his [ __ ] mouth and Miss Teeth will speak to them
[Music] I
can't get the sheet out
at that moment
[Music]
Ari already has the partner
the fork is and
now if a dog like that or it hits me the truth is
that they are all together on the same
platform here is Ari in place
partner remember right now maybe it wo
n't disappear they are looking for I would do it here to
have the contract version of the host
because the contracts on Facebook Gaming
are big big big because the channel
being inactive for so long you can stop
appearing but if they put your ex Punto TV it is
the Game Place and when it starts to be
direct we don't want it to go back to
how it was the last few months in tweeting
before he left, which were quite
difficult because of the months in which the
stress was noticeable, coexistence was
difficult because we couldn't even
do anything, I would
enter his port it was a complicated issue,
very nervous, very excited, I was in
constant,
I  I just realized how
the members are going up
look literally
when we saw that he takes off his
sweatshirt he has 19 thousand subscribers in
tweets okay spend a while he has 200 more
spend a while he has 400 more he
ends with two with twenty thousand
220,000 the last time the
highest minimum wage was in Ecuador by a large
difference of 400 dollars it's late it's
a little late they've arrived a
little late let's see the one talking
about Ari's return
tomorrow we will see this clip tomorrow we will see it
and we will see him
talking in fact if I'm not mistaken
because [ __ ]
because they want to stay he is here it
is uncertain to resonate in place
to this all the videos that we upload he is
with the foot
and returns to by contract like by
contract it
is a question
composed kinder inning in the
fai
these are from the jungle book they have
put disney things in the fal guy
we have to take a chance just to put it on
here I am going to buy all the
questions that are there only the jungle book
that I know his facebook contract
had everything for about six more months according to
me
and  she ended her contract on Facebook to
come back here she didn't
want to be on Facebook so yes she said up
to here
very well it's also going to do much better
in tweets in debates and everything when she took it she
stopped to finish it but tell me at what
point it's going to do better in tweets it's going to
blow up in tweets for sure and it was going to
have 50,000 viewers in each
live but the thing is that on Facebook there were already
days when she handled numbers and it's going to
blow up it's going to blow up but it was already going
very well
and as far as I know Twitch or rather they don't offer her
a contract as such as I know who
knows my private one such neighbors I the
truth is I don't know if Google did or no I don't
doubt that they gave her a contract
but I don't really know everything is to do that you
need metrics and they have ar and you don't have
metrics so who knows
well you don't have metrics but it's estimated it's
estimated that there will be something like
those private ones we're not going to know man
something big if she is participating in the
announcement she will return tweets it's not
as if tomorrow I decided to premiere in
a  new again and I do it on my own I have
n't returned there are 11 no ar and
here is the shirt already prepared the
twitter account is sharing it and
announcing the event
twitch itself
tweet itself if I'm not mistaken
if I'm not mistaken but I think that
twitch itself was promoting the
hashtag
and I imagine that it is part of the
event of the announcement to place it
share and so on to some agreement yes there must have been
with tweets but we don't
care okay I can say that the
contracts not for her but for many
people from colo with facebook the contracts
on facebook d
[Music]
of the people all atocha atocha are very
very fat very fat so she must have
thought it over very well now said that it
suits her I think that I think it will
go much better in tweets I think
it will break it
I will not break it
imagine how it must be the one we
said don't imagine how it must be
because they don't have contracts and children it's
normal maybe they offer it one
later but I imagine that it will remain
normal like all partner in  turkey that's right
/ eating is a palette I do
n't know
how
and no
[Music]
very well I don't doubt it but I don't know I mean I don't
know how much money he left on
facebook but 8
I hope it goes well and everything then
with banana there's no way to grow at
least through traffic from
somewhere else and on facebook
on facebook it was already there and traffic is not
more difficult you have
bottles for reasons not
in tweets and what wishes in tweets thank you
there thank you it's not a
good ad well thanks to this
bus ad thanks to this
bus video game ad for
feeding me today and
between yes that guy where he didn't grow
will be on other platforms that I was it
was very complicated to offer because there
weren't many users because the
platform was lazy to download it
and it was more complicated I spent many
years on a platform two or three and there was no
way always more or less
managed the same figures they weren't
bad but he told us the best to
grow by doing direct from youtube
on youtube if you think you can expose if it appears
recommended and such in tweets it has the
arrays and also all of them
are always doing raids they are very generous in
that sense but  I honestly think the thread is going to
explode
and it's going to explode. I think
a video will come out from some YouTube complaining about
corruption, a boycott or something like that. Do
you think it will be possible?
Well, we'll see. If so, then it will give us
content for the main channel. Of
course, guys. I'm really sorry. I have to
leave, I don't know how many hours I've been
live today, but I have to. I
also have to take care of things around the house.
Surely tomorrow we'll do some live,
for sure. Surely tomorrow will bring some things. I'm
also preparing some things. You know
that next week I have something
powerful to bring you. I hope for a decision, I
hope, but it will be neither and
subscribe, give it a light or that's okay, see you
but
[Music]